[EH Pyproto] release preparation (#22423)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/samples/README.md

# Azure Event Hubs client library for Python Samples

These are code samples that show common scenario operations with the Azure Event Hubs client library.

> Both [sync version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/main/sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/samples/sync_samples) and [async version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/main/sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/samples/async_samples) of samples are provided, async samples require Python 3.7 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [sync version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/main/sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/samples/sync_samples) of samples are provided.
```

Reviewer: I think we need to remove the links for async samples below?
